Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy

This page explains that you can use our application through a browser or mobile device. It also means that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement, and abide by the information collection and use specified in the Small Video Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We promise that I will not use or share your information with anyone, except as described in this privacy policy.

Please read this agreement carefully to ensure that you understand each clause. This agreement contains mandatory arbitration of the disputed clauses. You agree to resolve the dispute between you and Small video through binding and personal arbitration, and you waive the right to participate in class actions or class actions.

Terms of use：

Small video is a video editing and production application. You can create a personal video by sorting photos or other videos. If you want, you can also add music, special effects, filters, stickers, subtitles and other elements to synthesize the video. You can use the application only if you have signed a binding contract with Small video and only comply with this agreement and all applicable local, national and international laws, rules and regulations. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, and freely revokable license, so that you can use this application for personal, private, and non-commercial purposes only for the following purposes . Small Video reserves all rights not expressly granted in this application, and can terminate this license at any time for any reason or without reason. Unless you are the copyright owner, you may not use the Small video application for commercial purposes. You agree not to participate in any of the following prohibited activities: 1. Copy, distribute or disclose any part of this application in any medium, including but not limited to any automated or non-automated "grabbing" behavior; 2. Use any automation The system accesses the App and sends unreasonably generated more request messages to the Small video server; 3. Attempts to interfere with, damage the integrity or security of the system or decipher any transmission with the server running the App. 4. Take any coercive measures, or we can decide on our own to impose an unreasonable or disproportionately huge load on our infrastructure 4. Interfere with the normal operation of the application; 5. Access the application through any technology or means other than the functions provided by the application Anything on. We may change the application without prior notice and stop providing you or users with the application or application functions to create usage restrictions. We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the application, or delete any user content for any reason, without notice and bear any responsibility, including our unilateral determination that you have violated any of the terms of this agreement, or the reason . When terminated for any reason or without reason, you are still bound by this agreement. You are fully responsible for your actions and any data, text, files, information, images, photos and video clips, recordings, musical works, narrations, author works, links and other content or materials that you submit, post or display on it Responsibility or through our app. Small video does not assume any responsibility for actions related to your use of our application.
Privacy Policy：

Your privacy is very important to small video, and we are committed to the protection of privacy. Therefore, we have established a privacy policy. Please take a moment to understand our privacy policy. If you have any questions, please let us know. In order to get a better experience, when using our services, I may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information we request will remain on your device, and I will not collect it in any way. The application does use third-party services, which may collect information to identify you. We may share your personal information in the following situations: third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services in order to perform their work for us, which may include identifying and placing targeted advertisements, content or service realization or provision Analysis service; These applications may contain links to third-party applications of our business partners, advertisers and social media sites. If you visit links to these applications or websites, please note that these applications or websites have their own privacy policies, and we are not responsible for their policies. Please check each policy before submitting any information to these applications or websites. Link to the privacy policy of the third-party service provider used by the app. Google Play服务（https://policies.google.com/privacy） 
Firebase分析（https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/） 
Small Video cares about the integrity and security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never undermine our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide personal information at your own risk. 
Advertising policy：

During your use of Small Video, we will display ads in the app in an appropriate amount. We ensure that ads (including third-party ads) are placed in the app to comply with the industry self-discipline guidance provided by the Digital Advertiser Alliance (DAA), including Facebook Audience Network native ads, etc.
Links to third-party applications or websites

This service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you check the privacy policies of these sites. I have no control over the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party website or service, and I am not responsible for it.
Links to third-party applications or websites

We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this policy, we will change the "last revised" date below and post the updated policy on this page.
contact us:

If you have any questions or suggestions about my privacy policy, please feel free to contact me connect.freesky2016@gmial.com
Last revision date:

The latest revision of this policy will take effect on September 26, 2021.
